Argumentation is becoming more common in our daily lives through human interaction and online through social media. However, there is a lack of structure involved when arguing online, and it is also not possible to see how various opinions and points of view relate to each other. The purpose of this research and application is to show how argumentation structure and formalism can be introduced to allow for better discourse between users. Furthermore, this shows that argumentation can be beneficial for users to have better discussions, increase conceptual understanding, and improve critical thinking. This project implements a web application called Argupedia. This application will allow users to visualise arguments and attack relations between them and how they can change over time as new arguments are added. Argupedia has features to add and store arguments, attack other arguments and evaluate the argumentation graph to determine the winning arguments under the grounded labelling algorithm of Dung's theory of argumentation. The results allow users to see their arguments in an interactive visualisation tool and see how the winning arguments change as they add new arguments to the graph. Argupedia can assist users unfamiliar with argumentation so these users can conduct 'productive' discussions, but there are still some issues such as moderation in argumentation and ambiguity in natural language. Further research is required to progress argumentation and Argupedia forward as ambiguity in natural language is a concern without a viable solution so far, and privacy issues when trying to deploy argumentation in social media can increase the challenges of online argumentation.
